splunk add-on bug documentation (#976)
demisto/content-docs: content-repo/extra-docs/articles/splunk-add-on.md

   curl -kv -H "Authorization:<API_KEY>" https://<XSOAR_SERVER>:<PORT>/user
   wget --no-check-certificate --header="Authorization: <API_KEY>" -O - https://<XSOAR_SERVER>:<PORT>/user
   ```
   

> 5. Check Splunk logs for timeout errors:
>    1. Locate log facility called SavedSplunker.
>    2. Increase the verbosity to ERROR level.
>    3. If logs include the following:
>    ```WARN SavedSplunker - Reached maximum amount of time allowed to spend in per-result alerts for savedsearch_id="test```
>    4. Extend ```max_per_result_alerts_time``` param in limits.conf file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Connection Timeout Errors
<COMPLETE>
In case of a connection timeout error as in the above log:
1. Locate the `SavedSplunker` log facility.
2. Increase its verbosity to *ERROR* level.
3. If the logs include the following:
```WARN SavedSplunker - Reached maximum amount of time allowed to spend in per-result alerts for savedsearch_id="SAVEDSEARCH_ID"```
Increase the *max_per_result_alerts_time* value in the `limits.conf` file.
```
please replace `<COMPLETE>` with the relevant log
